EXAMPLE.md, before:

https://url-encoded-tiny-website.vercel.app/?title=COOOOL&description=What%20a%20great%20description&mainImage=https://t4.ftcdn.net/jpg/01/77/43/35/360_F_177433581_yYcSEtOj06ZiFh96Q0iZODPYmxj1kw3Z.jpg&content=%3Ch1%3EKevin%20is%20cool%3C/h1%3E%20%3Ch2%3EAnd%20he%20is%20%3Cb%3Egreat%3C/b%3E%3C/h2%3E%20%3Cimg%20src=%22https://t4.ftcdn.net/jpg/01/77/43/35/360_F_177433581_yYcSEtOj06ZiFh96Q0iZODPYmxj1kw3Z.jpg%22%20/%3E%20%3Cp%3EThree%20cheers%20for%20Kevin.%F0%9F%98%85%3C/p%3E%20%3Cul%3E%20%3Cli%3Ehip%3C/li%3E%20%3Cli%3Ehip%3C/li%3E%20%3Cli%3Ehurray%3C/li%3E%20%3C/ul%3E

http://localhost:3000/?title=COOOOL&description=What%20a%20great%20description&mainImage=https://t4.ftcdn.net/jpg/01/77/43/35/360_F_177433581_yYcSEtOj06ZiFh96Q0iZODPYmxj1kw3Z.jpg&content=%3Ch1%3EKevin%20is%20cool%3C/h1%3E%20%3Ch2%3EAnd%20he%20is%20%3Cb%3Egreat%3C/b%3E%3C/h2%3E%20%3Cimg%20src=%22https://t4.ftcdn.net/jpg/01/77/43/35/360_F_177433581_yYcSEtOj06ZiFh96Q0iZODPYmxj1kw3Z.jpg%22%20/%3E%20%3Cp%3EThree%20cheers%20for%20Kevin%20%F0%9F%98%85.%3C/p%3E%20%3Cul%3E%20%3Cli%3Ehip%3C/li%3E%20%3Cli%3Ehip%3C/li%3E%20%3Cli%3Ehurray%3C/li%3E%20%3C/ul%3E

Commit message:

Added support for embedded iframe videos

EXAMPLE.md, after:

https://url-encoded-tiny-website.vercel.app/?title=URL Encoded Tiny Website&description=This website is created dynamically based on the contents of the URL&mainImage=https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/170/791/welcome-to-the-internet-internet-demotivational-poster-1264714433.png.jpg&content=<h1>This webpage is stored in the URL 🤓</h1><h2>How does this website work?</h2><p>I'm using the URL as a content management system (CMS). All rendered content on the page will come from the URL's query params. Here are the available query params:</p><ul><li>`content`. This is the content of the page. You can put raw text in here or HTML.</li><li>`title`. This is the website title that appears above the tab in the browser.</li><li>`description`. This is the website description that will appear in the <head> metadata.</li><li>`mainImage`. This is the website's OG image that will appear in the metadata.</li></ul><p>The website is server-side rendered using next.js, so the link you create for your website will support a link/URL preview.</p><h2>Limitations</h2><ol><li>Long, ridiculous URL</li><li>Limited to 2048 characters (actually fewer considering the baseUrl, query param keys, etc. It's probably more like 2000.)</li><li>Must use in-line CSS for styling.</li><li>No way to edit your webpage and keep the same URL (because the URL is the website).</li></ol><h2>Content Examples</h2><h3>Image by src</h3><img src="https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/170/791/welcome-to-the-internet-internet-demotivational-poster-1264714433.png.jpg" /><h3>Embedded video</h3><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dQw4w9WgXcQ?si=K9DcZqmcWV4gjGG5" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe><h3>Cool styling</h3><div style="border-radius:90px; width:150px; height: 150px; background:green; display:flex; align-items: center; justify-content: center;"><p><b>Hello</b> <i>World</i> 😎</p></div>

https://url-encoded-tiny-website.vercel.app/?title=COOOOL&description=What%20a%20great%20description&mainImage=https://t4.ftcdn.net/jpg/01/77/43/35/360_F_177433581_yYcSEtOj06ZiFh96Q0iZODPYmxj1kw3Z.jpg&content=%3Ch1%3EKevin%20is%20cool%3C/h1%3E%20%3Ch2%3EAnd%20he%20is%20%3Cb%3Egreat%3C/b%3E%3C/h2%3E%20%3Cimg%20src=%22https://t4.ftcdn.net/jpg/01/77/43/35/360_F_177433581_yYcSEtOj06ZiFh96Q0iZODPYmxj1kw3Z.jpg%22%20/%3E%20%3Cp%3EThree%20cheers%20for%20Kevin.%F0%9F%98%85%3C/p%3E%20%3Cul%3E%20%3Cli%3Ehip%3C/li%3E%20%3Cli%3Ehip%3C/li%3E%20%3Cli%3Ehurray%3C/li%3E%20%3C/ul%3E

http://localhost:3000/?title=COOOOL&description=What%20a%20great%20description&mainImage=https://t4.ftcdn.net/jpg/01/77/43/35/360_F_177433581_yYcSEtOj06ZiFh96Q0iZODPYmxj1kw3Z.jpg&content=%3Ch1%3EKevin%20is%20cool%3C/h1%3E%20%3Ch2%3EAnd%20he%20is%20%3Cb%3Egreat%3C/b%3E%3C/h2%3E%20%3Cimg%20src=%22https://t4.ftcdn.net/jpg/01/77/43/35/360_F_177433581_yYcSEtOj06ZiFh96Q0iZODPYmxj1kw3Z.jpg%22%20/%3E%20%3Cp%3EThree%20cheers%20for%20Kevin%20%F0%9F%98%85.%3C/p%3E%20%3Cul%3E%20%3Cli%3Ehip%3C/li%3E%20%3Cli%3Ehip%3C/li%3E%20%3Cli%3Ehurray%3C/li%3E%20%3C/ul%3E
